When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    It allows for multiple contributors to colaborate to the same project from different machines. It also functions as a backup in case a
    local machine crashes and looses its remote.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Automatic updates may interfer with your local repository. Imagine, for instance, that a different user removed code that is necessary for some of your actual changes to work. Also automatic changes may distract you from the work at hand as you will need to review remote changes in order to understand what is going on in the latest version. You also might want to wait until a branch is merged into the master to review only the final version of a feature instead of different states during commits. Thus, manual pulls let you avoid "mental overhead"

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are copies of remote repositories (on GitHub), while clones are local copies of remote or local repositories and branches are a group of commits building onto each other, which are part of a repository. Branches are used to bundle logically connected commits usually referring to single features of larger projects. Clones are used to run, modify and keep track of a project locally. All changes in the project will eventually  be incorporated into the clone and can be reviewed and altered. Forks are used to create independent clones of an existing project to build once own version without modifying the original version. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    You can compare your changes to the latest known common state of your project without the need of being online. It also helps to idenfy changes made to the remote by others since your last push. 

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
